Now, we need to make a model for
our, we'll call it Analysis.
This will be the AI analysis of a post.
And we want that to be a separate model
versus just storing it on the entry.
So let's say Analysis.
It's gonna have those same three
things here at the top, just like so.
And this one's gonna have
a relationship to a journal entry.
So we'll just say journal, or
actually I'll just call it
entryId as a type String.
And then I'll call this the entry,
which is type JournalEntry.
And it has a relationship of fields.
That is gonna be entryId and
a reference of id.
And then going back up
to our journal entry.
I just need to make the other connection.
So this is not like the other one where
it's one-to-many, this is one-to-one.
An analysis has one journal entry and
a journal entry has one analysis, so
it's a one-to-one.
So that's gonna look something like this.
So I can say analysis.
You can call this whatever you want.
I'll say analysis, and
it's type is going to be Analysis.
I have to put a question mark here.
I have to make this optional.
And that's because it is
a one-to-one relationship.
And you might have this chicken or
egg problem of like, well, if this isn't
optional, then you can't create a journal
entry without the analysis being done.
But the analysis can't get created
unless it has a journal entry id.
So this has to be optional.
Otherwise you won't be able to
create any one of these due
to a required restriction.
And then lastly, we just need to go down
here and we can say, index the entryId.
And this thing is freaking out
because one-to-one must use unique,
yeah, I'm sorry.
This has to be unique
if it's a one-to-one.
So instead of saying index,
we'll say unique like that.
We'll probably have to change
all of these to unique.
You can't query without a unique index.
Which is great because that means
if you're querying without index,
you're scanning the whole table and
that's bad.
So it kinda forces you to do that,
which is great.
No more query planning, which is.
I don't know if you ever
had to do that before.
It's not fun.
Cool, and then just the fields for
the analysis.
So analysis has a mood that's a String.
It has a summary.
That's a String of like, I'm just gonna
put db.txt here just in case it's long.
Who knows what the AI is gonna make it?
So unpredictable.
And then it also has a color.
That's a string, and then it has a Boolean
on whether or not it was negative.
That's a Boolean.
Now we should have an error-free schema.
Now if you wanna clean this up cuz your
formatting is all junky, you can just go
to the terminal and do npx prisma format,
and it'll clean it up for you like that.
It'll actually go back and write these
other side relationships for you as well.
So you could just write the relationship
on one side and then get that error and
just do format and
it'll go right on the other side for you.
It just always picks a stupid name,
so I never do it.
I don't know why it gave it that name.
And it always capitalizes it.
I'm like, why would I want
this field to be capitalized?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm doing it wrong.
>> Do you happen to know what it does
to comments that are in the file?
>> The comments?
>> Cuz I don't wanna to
lose the notes I took.
>> No the comments,
it doesn't touch the comments.
You're good, yeah, you're fine.
Cool, any other questions on this?
All right, and whenever you make a change
to your database just remember you
gotta go back in your
terminal npx prisma db push.
And, what is it saying?
So this is really cool.
This is why I like Prisma and PlanetScale.
So it's basically saying, hey,
you just added a few unique constraints to
a model that you already previously had.
So if you've already created some data
with that model, you might lose some data
or something's gonna be broke
cuz you didn't add a default for
those unique constraints.
So you might have some data loss here.
Are you sure you wanna do this,
ignore these warnings?
So this is really great cuz I can't tell
you how many times I've messed this up,
writing migration files in Grunt.
I know you remember that.
[LAUGH] Or or something, and this is like,
well, it worked on my machine.
And it's like, cuz I didn't have
all that data on my machine, so
of course it worked on my machine.
So yeah, this just tells you that, yeah,
I don't care, I don't have any users.
So yeah, I do wanna ignore that warning,
leave me alone.
And yeah, it just does it.
So there we go,
it syncs with the database.
We have our new Prisma client,
it's in sync.
And just to verify,
if we go back here, give it a second.
And we should, there it is.
So you can see, we have our analysis,
our journal entry, and
our user all ready to go.
And this is the sequel you
did not have to write.